Add sections in SAML Troubleshooting (#47964)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/security/troubleshooting.asciidoc

the {es} logs for further details.
--

. *Symptoms:*
+
--
Authentication in {kib} fails and the following error is printed in the {es}
logs:

....
Authentication to realm <saml-realm-name> failed - SAML Attribute [<AttributeName0>] for
[xpack.security.authc.realms.saml.<saml-realm-name>.attributes.principal] not found in saml attributes
[<AttributeName1>=<AttributeValue1>, <AttributeName2>=<AttributeValue2>, ...] or NameID [ NameID(format)=value ]
....

*Resolution:*

> This error indicates that {es} failed to find the necessary SAML Attribute in the SAML response that the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error indicates that {es} failed to find the necessary SAML attribute in the SAML response that the
```

> Identity Provider sent. In such a case, {es} is configured as such

Reviewer: It was not clear to me what "such a case" was referring to. If it's the specific error message example, I think we should say that.  For example:
```suggestion
Identity Provider sent. In this example, {es} is configured as follows:
```

....
xpack.security.authc.realms.saml.<saml-realm-name>.attributes.principal: AttributeName0
....

> and this means that {es} expects to find a SAML Attribute with name `AttributeName0` or a `NameID` with appropriate format in the SAML

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration means that {es} expects to find a SAML Attribute with the name `AttributeName0` or a `NameID` with the appropriate format in the SAML
```

response so that <<saml-attribute-mapping,it can map it>> to the `principal` user property. The `principal` user property is a
mandatory one, so if this mapping can't happen, the authentication fails.

If you are attempting to map a `NameID`, make sure that the expected `NameID` format matches the one that is sent.
See <<saml-attribute-mapping-nameid>> for more details.

> If you are attempting to map a SAML Attribute and it is not part of the list that is printed above, it might mean

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are attempting to map a SAML attribute and it is not part of the list that is printed above, it might mean
```

that you have misspelled the attribute name, or that the IdP is not sending this particular attribute. You might
be able to use another attribute from the list to map to `principal` or consult with your IdP administrator to
determine if the required attribute can be sent.

--

. *Symptoms:*
+
--
Authentication in {kib} fails and the following error is printed in the {es}
logs:

....
Cannot find [{urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:metadata}IDPSSODescriptor]/[urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:bindings:HTTP-Redirect] in descriptor
....

*Resolution:*

This error indicates that the SAML metadata for your Identity Provider do not contain a `<SingleSignOnService>` endpoint with binding of

> HTTP-Redirect (urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:bindings:HTTP-Redirect). {es} only supports the `HTTP-Redirect` binding for SAML Authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP-Redirect (urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:bindings:HTTP-Redirect). {es} supports only the `HTTP-Redirect` binding for SAML authentication
```

> requests ( and it doesn't support the `HTTP-POST` binding). Consult your IdP administrator in order to enable at least one

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
requests (and it doesn't support the `HTTP-POST` binding). Consult your IdP administrator in order to enable at least one
```
